# GMYC for galaxy
Script for galaxy project added. Stripped resources for gui. Uses commandline tool.


# PyQt5-GMYC-Project
The Pyqt5-GMYC project adds a GUI (graphical user interface) as well as a series of other functionalities to pGMYC - a Python implementation of GMYC model for species delimitation, and makes the program compatible with Python 3. To see the original code of pGMYC, please visit [link] (https://github.com/zhangjiajie/pGMYC).
This program delimits species on a rooted ultrametric tree using single threshold GMYC model. The input tree should be in Newick format. One new functionality is the integration of a non-ultrametric tree as input file, supported using pyr8s (a python implementation of r8s by Stefanos Patmanidis). Non-ultrametric trees will be converted into ultrametric using pyr8s. 

Pyqt5-GMYC has features like viewing the partition tree and table, along with exporting all the output files generated by the program in a folder. It uses the ete3 library instead of ete2 as originally used in the __GMYC__ program, thereby making the program compatible with Python 3.  All codes are available on the repository. The original commandline functionality of original GMYC.py remains available and can be used. Pyqt5-GMYC does not implement the support for calculating trees from sequence files using the program Fastree as in some other GMYC variants.

Pyqt5-GMYC furthermore implements the output of results in the .spart format, developed to provide a uniform and standardized format for species partition results.


# Features

* support for non-ultrametric tree as input file
* Viewing of partition table and tree on the GUI interface
* Spart format export option


# How to use it

* To open it as the original commandline tool; please type python GMYC.py and follow along the instructions.

* To use it as GUI tool; Please type python gm.py on your terminal and follow the instructions.  
